Add MAS Testing Profiles documentation and images (#3483)
OWASP/mastg: Document/0x03b-Testing-Profiles.md

# Introducing MAS Testing Profiles

In the realm of mobile app security, it is essential to adopt a structured and systematic approach to ensure the robustness and resilience of mobile apps against ever-evolving threats. To address this need, the [OWASP Mobile App Security (MAS)](https://mas.owasp.org/) project provides a set of testing profiles that serve as comprehensive frameworks for verifying and enhancing the security of mobile apps.

> The **MAS Testing Profiles** outline a series of security controls and tests that can be applied to evaluate mobile app security at different levels of assurance, ranging from fundamental security practices to advanced protective measures. With this, the MAS project provides a flexible framework that allows to verify the appropriate security measures based on the app's unique requirements, risk landscape, and compliance needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **MAS Testing Profiles** outline a series of security controls and tests that can be applied to evaluate mobile app security at different levels of assurance, ranging from fundamental security practices to advanced protective measures. With this, the MAS project provides a flexible framework that allows verification of the appropriate security measures based on the app’s unique requirements, risk landscape, and compliance needs.
```

The MAS Testing Profiles can be utilized in various ways:

> - **App Security Assessment**: Security professionals can leverage the appropriate MAS Testing Profiles based on the app's characteristics, to conduct comprehensive assessments to identify vulnerabilities, gaps in security controls, and areas for improvement (e.g. cryptography or secure communication best practices).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **App Security Assessment**: Security professionals can leverage the appropriate MAS Testing Profiles based on the app's characteristics to conduct comprehensive assessments to identify vulnerabilities, gaps in security controls, and areas for improvement (e.g. cryptography or secure communication best practices).
```

## Selecting and Tailoring MAS Testing Profiles

When it comes to selecting and tailoring MAS Testing Profiles, it is crucial to follow a defense-in-depth approach, understanding that **the goal is not to comply with every profile or every test within a profile**. Instead, you should take into account the app's specific [threat model](https://owasp.org/www-community/Threat_Modeling), functionality, and [data sensitivity](https://nvlpubs.nist.gov/nistpubs/Legacy/SP/nistspecialpublication800-122.pdf) to determine the most suitable testing profiles and specific tests to apply. This allows for a focused and efficient security verification process, tailored to the unique characteristics and needs of your application.

For example, some apps might not incorporate certain features, such as server communication, Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA), or biometrics. In such cases, it is unnecessary to apply tests that aren't relevant to the app's functionality. Similarly, if an app's interfaces don't handle sensitive data, they become less critical to secure.

> It's important to involve all stakeholders in determining the appropriate level of security assurance based on the app's risk landscape and potential impact of a successful attack. The aim of this collaborative approach is to strike a balance between robust security and practicality, ensuring that resources are effectively allocated to mitigate the most relevant risks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's important to involve all stakeholders in determining the appropriate level of security assurance based on the app's risk landscape and the potential impact of a successful attack. This collaborative approach aims to strike a balance between robust security and practicality, ensuring that resources are effectively allocated to mitigate the most relevant risks.
```

## About Data Protection and Privacy

> When utilizing the MASVS and the MASTG, it is necessary to **conduct a thorough threat model of your app** to determine the appropriate MAS profile. In this process, it is crucial to **consider privacy regulations and laws applicable to your organization and country**. The specific nature and sensitivity of the data often dictates the level of protection required and, as a result, different MAS security controls across the profiles. For example, high-risk data that never leaves the device might necessitate MAS-L2 for storage-related tests, but MAS-L1 could suffice for network-related tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When utilizing the MASVS and the MASTG, it is necessary to **conduct a thorough threat model of your app** to determine the appropriate MAS profile. In this process, it is crucial to **consider privacy regulations and laws applicable to your organization and country**. The specific nature and sensitivity of the data often dictate the level of protection required and, as a result, different MAS security controls across the profiles. For example, high-risk data that never leaves the device might necessitate MAS-L2 for storage-related tests, but MAS-L1 could suffice for network-related tests.
```
